# Adventure of Aaron -- cis 1051, section 004
 Aaron Deo's Final Project for cis 1051 section 004

For this project,  I wanted to make a Legend of Zelda 1 NES type of game. I learned GDScript. I had to learn how to make the characters move off of input, make other characters move based on where another character was, and how to trigger the game to be restarted. I also learned how layering works and how collisions work. I also learned how to make character animations. I faced a couple of difficulties. I was having trouble getting the enemies to follow the hero. I was also having trouble with making them touch the hero to restart the game. I can say I also learned how to make a 2D game in Godot 4. I had a lot of fun trying out the game, and it was incredibly rewarding seeing the pieces of it come together, whether that be making the character move, making the animation go with the movement, making the enemies move towards the character, making the collisions, and making the game ends when an enemy touches the hero or the hero touches the treasure. There were a lot of things I wanted to do originally but I couldn't get to it. I wanted to give the character a weapon so he could fight the enemies. I couldn't figure out how to do this or how to get the enemies to damage the character, so I decided to restart the game when an enemy touched the character. Additionally, I couldn't get pick up the key to make the walls disappear near the treasure, so instead, I set the 2D area of the wall to be under the keys, so when the character gets in the area of the key, both 2D area's of the key and the corresponding wall will be triggered -- this makes both disappear. I wanted to make a boss battle, but I couldn't figure out how damage and fighting enemies worked, so I scrapped that idea. I also couldn't make other tilemaps. I also couldn't get the dialog boxes down so I scrapped the idea. To compensate for this, I made the game have an arcade type of field to it. Originally, I was planning on making this game on Ren'Py. Last week, I realized it would be better to write this type of game in Godot. This made me indirectly waste the weeks I had spent learning the basics of Ren'Py. However, not all time was wasted as I still used a lot of assets I had planned to use when I was learning Ren'Py. Godot wasn't too difficult to learn; it reminded me of Python and Javascript. Overall, I accomplished what I thought I would accomplish no matter what, just in a different way. 



Credit:
The song that is played throughout is found in the assets folder and is the file "02 Overworld BGM". It is from https://downloads.khinsider.com/game-soundtracks/album/the-legend-of-zelda-nes . Both key sprites are found in assets folder in the pixel-art-key folder. It is from https://drxwat.itch.io/pixel-art-key and is made by Frontend Pashtet. The treasure sprite is found in assets folder in the Animated Chests folder. It is from https://admurin.itch.io/free-chest-animations and is made by Admurin. The tileset used to make the walls, the grass, the water, and the rest of the tilemap can be found in assets folder in Forest BETA V3 folder. It is from https://pixivan.itch.io/top-down-forest-tileset and is made by PixiVan. The character sprites for hero, enemy 1, enemy 2, and enemy 3 are found in the assets folder in the Gumdrop_Character_Assets folder. It is from https://robocelot.itch.io/gumdrop-source-and-sprites and is made by	Robocelot.
